Why can't I do it?
Well, I hope you can move on to the next step
Just don't be eliminated
What do you mean?
The two of us will not be eliminated at all
You care more about yourself
Who the hell wants to hurry up?
Accompany Mr. Liu for a drink
I can lift you to the top position
This is the entertainment industry
I'm sorry, I won't sell myself for popularity.
What are you pretending to be pure?
Shameless
Hey, you wrote well
But these words, thank you.
I want to stop and leave my feet
Forget your traces
Step out of the station
And the weather in Nagano is still so warm
The wind blew in the past
Basketball basketball basketball
Unexpectedly, I changed this song Rising Wind for him.
Helped him so much
The song you changed
You really put gold on your face